1.1 Receive commands from users
(1)Authenticate different users: customer or stock manager given the user's input.
(2)Provide customer registration for new customers or provide customer authentication for customers
(3)Authenticate stock managers. Provide stock registration and cancel registration for authenticated stock managers

1.2 Customer login and authentication
(1)Confirm the customer's id/phone number and password
(2)Authentication fails if wrong password or id/phone number not exists. 
(3)Provide purchase&sell stock and cancel registration for authenticated customers

1.3 Customer registration
(1)Get customer's registration information: name, age, bank account information, address, email address, telephone, password. 
(2)Authenticate bank account and telephone number. 
(3)Check if name is unique. 
(4)Generate unique customer id if registration successes.

1.4 Cancel customer registration
(1)Get cancel information: customer id/phone number, password, name. 
(2)Customer authentication. 
(3)Delete customer information if valid authentication.

1.5 Stock registration
(1)Get stock registration information: name, price, the smallest unit for sale, limit for selling to one customer. 
(2)Check if stock name is unique and the price is JPY. 
(3)Generate unique stock id if registration successes.

1.6 Cancel stock registration
(1)Get cancel information: stock id, name.  
(2)Delete stock information and customer purchasing information if valid authentication

1.7 Remind customer of specific stock information
(1)Customer set interesting stock's name, id and target price.
(2)Push prompt messages if current stock price is lower than target price

1.8 Purchase stock
(1)Get purchase stock information: stock name, stock id, stock price, purchase amount, customer information.
(2)Check if purchase amount is greater than smallest sale unit and if customer owned amount is less than the selling limit to one customer after purchase
(3)Calculate the total expense
(4)Bank account authentication and expense deduction. Purchase fails if insufficient balance.
(5)Update customer's owned stock information

1.9 Sell stock
(1)Get sold stock information and customer information: stock id, stock name, stock price, sold amount, customer owned amount, customer bank account
(2)Check if customer owned amount is greater than sold amount
(3)Calculate the income and tax deduction.
(4)Bank account authentication and income increase.
(5)Update customer's owned stock information

1.10 Gain stock profit
(1)Get customer information and owned stock information.
(2)Calculate the total profits of owned stocks for every customer and tax deduction
(3)Bank account authentication and income increase.

1.11 Update stock price
(1)Update the price of registered stock every day.

1.12 Stock manager login and authentication
(1)Confirm the stock manager's id and password
(2)Authentication fails if wrong password or id not exists. 

1.13 Set stock to follow
(1)Customers set specific stocks to follow.